#748 Update info about which K8s distros can enable ACE (#749)
rancher/rancher-docs: docs/reference-guides/cluster-configuration/rancher-server-configuration/rke1-cluster-configuration.md

### Authorized Cluster Endpoint

Authorized Cluster Endpoint (ACE) can be used to directly access the Kubernetes API server, without requiring communication through Rancher.

:::note

> ACE is only available on Kubernetes clusters launched by Rancher, where Rancher used RKE, RKE2, or K3s to provision the cluster. It's not available for clusters in a hosted Kubernetes provider, such as Amazon's EKS.

Reviewer: I think we could simplify the language here a lot.
```suggestion
ACE is only available on RKE, RKE2, or K3s clusters provisioned by Rancher. It's not available for clusters in a hosted Kubernetes provider, such as Amazon's EKS.
```

:::

> ACE must be set up [manually](../../../how-to-guides/new-user-guides/kubernetes-clusters-in-rancher-setup/register-existing-clusters#authorized-cluster-endpoint-support-for-rke2-and-k3s-clusters.md) on RKE2 and K3s clusters. In RKE, ACE is enabled by default in Rancher-launched Kubernetes clusters, using the IP of the node with the `controlplane` role and the default Kubernetes self signed certificates.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
ACE must be set up [manually](../../../how-to-guides/new-user-guides/kubernetes-clusters-in-rancher-setup/register-existing-clusters#authorized-cluster-endpoint-support-for-rke2-and-k3s-clusters.md) on RKE2 and K3s clusters. In RKE, ACE is enabled by default in Rancher-launched Kubernetes clusters, using the IP of the node with the `controlplane` role and the default Kubernetes self-signed certificates.
```
